Updating Identity Engine > Embedded Authentication content for Node.js SDK Password and Email factor use case (#2359)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-pwd-email/nodejs/summaryofsteps.md

## Summary of steps

> The sequence of steps for the sign in with password and email flow is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows the sequence of steps for the sign-in with password and email flow.
```
